# Face-Detection
A project from Michael Reeves modified.
1 - The coordinate data must be calculated based on the camera's current field of view. To avoid any hard-coding specific to my hardware, I created a calibration mode. In this mode, the user uses arrow buttons to position the laser to the bounds of the screen on all 4 sides, these values are serialized to a json file (using json .net)(it's also used to store settings) located in the same directory as the .exe. When the main detection mode is started and detects an object, outputs to the robot are scaled based on these values.

--Materials-- -OS Capable of compiling and running executable files, recommend Windows, but the same results may be achievable with a system running a .Net equivalent such as Mono (not tested) -Webcam, I used the Logitech 9000 Pro, but it normally retails for around $110 and I got mine used for $20 on Amazon. I would not spend the full $110 on a webcam, any will do. -ATmega 328 microcontroller mounted on an arduino board, but really any ATMEL microcontroller capable of PWM should do the trick -2X Proster MG996R Digital Metal Copper Gear High Torque Servo Motors -WYHP Mini Laser Dot Diode Module Head WL Red 650nm 6mm 5V 5mW. You can do with one, but I bought 10, only $2.66. May also consider something to mount it in, I used a hollow pen -3X 5v 2a power supplies, 2 for the servos, 1 for the laser

--Dependencies-- -Emgu CV image recognition library v 2.4 -.Net Framework 4.5 -Telerik aesthetic framework (I use this on 1 or 2 elements, you may just want to change it to the winforms counterpart(s))
